Make sure
that you try these supplements out.
They're very, very good, very healthy,
natural, and
you can check the link in the
description box. That is Nature's Blend
Black Seed Oil, and they have other
things as well.
So, I was watching this really
interesting podcast from Logan Paul, and
what he was talking about in that
podcast was some of his conceptions
about religion. And I found it
intriguing, so I wanted to respond to
it. The first thing he says, which I
found really intriguing, is how he
defines um what he believes in. So, he
says, I I I I think there is
some sort of unimaginable thing that
made us and this universe and everything
around us. And that for me is a great
definition of God. So, that takes him
firmly out of atheism and agnosticism,
and into at least deism or theism, which
is the idea of believing in God, which
is actually the position of at least 90%
of the American population, according to
Pew Research.
Now, the questions that he had, which he
was confused about, was questions
relating to the problem of evil, the
fact that, in his words, uh religion,
faith,
whatever you want to call it, has has
led to the deaths of too many people,
has led to the the trauma of too many
children. And I agree with uh Logan Paul
on that point. Religion has actually led
to all of those things.
But just because religion has led to
those things, or the practitioners of
particular religions have done those
things, it doesn't mean that said
religions preach those things. So,
there's a differentiation here. We have
to differentiate between what religious
people do in the name of religion and
what religions actually say.
And if you want to know what religions
actually say, you have to read and see.
As for us, as Muslims, it's very clear.
Though we have bad press, and there's
lots of things being said about us, the
Quran makes it very clear that what
someone who kills one person is like
killing all of humanity.
And the Prophet Muhammad told us that
man qatala mu'ahadan lam yara ra'ihatal
jannah. Whoever kills a non-combatant,
non-believer will not smell the
fragrance of heaven.
Um including women and children, which
in another Hadith he says. So, despite
the fact that many religious
practitioners act in monstrous ways, it
doesn't necessitate that those religions
themselves preach monstrous things. And
I think that's an important crucial
differentiation. I yeah. I I I don't I
don't I'm not sure I can fully wrap my
head around
so many people telling me different
things about their God. Another thing he
said was that there's so many different
gods and how do we know which one is the
right one? Well, the one you define as
the right one. You see, this is very
important. You know
you have already intuited yeah, through
intuition.
Yeah, inherently, as you put it in
another place in your podcast.
You have you have an inherent idea of
what God is, the higher power which is
unimaginable that created us in the
universe. You put it perfectly. I
couldn't have said it any better way.
The creator God that we believe in.
Now, this is backed by evidence. There's
many people There was a There was a 2011
study that was that shows that children
that are born with this belief in a
higher power. Now, when they This is in
2011 by Justin Barrett in the Oxford
Anthropological Society that people are
born with this belief. You have that
belief. You've expressed that belief.
The question is, do we believe yeah,
that that higher power is a man?
Is it conceivable that without
socialization that we believe that Jesus
is God for for the sake of argument?
That's the Christian narrative.
That Jesus is God.
Could you imagine a child being born
believing there's a person called Jesus
Christ and not only that there's a
person called Jesus Christ, that he's
God, but not only that he's God, but
he's part of a trinity. That the
Father's God, the Son is God, and the
Holy Spirit is God, and all three are
God.
All three persons are one person and all
all three persons are one and
that is God. Is that something you think
without socialization that people would
be
would come about with? I don't think so.
The idea is what you said. The
definition of God
is the unimaginable and to put it in
your thing that created us in the
universe, which is not a man because it
can't be a man because a man is created.
It can't be a woman, can't be a child,
it can't be a
it can't be something which dies because
God can't die, God can't rest. You see
the idea.
The question of different gods, which
god to choose from? It's the god you
already know is exists. The one that you
have mentioned, the one who's
unimaginable thing that created us in
the universe. That's the right one.
Now the first thing to do because you've
said that there's so many different
notions of God, how do you know which is
the right one? Anything which doesn't
fit that paradigm, which is your
paradigm, yeah?
Cannot be God. Yeah, you this is your
definition. Anything that doesn't fit
this cannot be God. So a man can't be
God because we can imagine a man.
A woman can't be God because we can
imagine a woman.
An animal can't be God. The universe
which are the people who believe good
stuff. They talk to the universe. That's
what I do. which we're going to come to
can't be God because we can imagine the
universe
and the universe was itself
a created thing. We're going to come to
this. I think I think the universally
accepted definition of good is like you
know right and wrong. You know when
something's right and reality, general
morality. Yeah.
So you say which is really interesting
because you you have a moral position.
This is
very fine moral position. You say you
know what's right and wrong.
And you can know what's right and wrong.
But once again, how do you know? You're
going to say it's kind of like intuitive
in the same way that you know there's an
unimaginable power.
But then once again, that's I want you
to know that that's against materialist,
nihilist, and atheistic discourse. Like
for an atheist, there's no way of
proving what's right and wrong. You have
to understand this point. For someone
who does not believe in a higher power
that endows human beings with morality,
the question would be how would they go
about finding out what's right and
wrong? Yeah? It would be what society
comes together and decides, which one
society can decide one thing and another
society will decide another thing, and
historically we've seen differences in
the way people think of right and wrong.
So,
how do we know right and wrong exist in
the first place? So, we'd have to say
that the thing that endows us with this
belief in right and wrong is that higher
power, that unimaginable creator that
created us in the universe. Okay? So,
there's right and wrong, which is
morality, but then there's also this
higher power. So, that the the right and
wrong comes from the higher power. That
would be uh something which follows,
right?
So, I want you to think about that.
Having sex before a marriage isn't, in
my opinion, wrong.
But according to religion, it is.
You said having sex before marriage, in
your opinion, is not wrong. But the
problem with this postulation here, uh
brother Logan,
the problem with this postulation is the
fact that how do you know? That's my
question. How do you know that that
wasn't a socialized
belief system you have? Because in
philosophy, they or even in psychology,
they have nature versus nurture, right?
You're either born believing in
something, like you say you believe in a
higher power intuitively, yeah?
Or even morality is intuitive for you,
or
you're socialized into that belief
system. So, how do you know that your
belief that marriage, or having sex
before marriage, is not something which
is, in fact, socialized as a product, as
a social construct of the 21st century
in the Western world?
It becomes very difficult to discern
what comes from society and what comes
from the self,
which is why there's a need for a higher
prescriptive authority, which we call
God, to give us the exact guidelines on
how to live life.
You see? And that higher prescriptive
authority, which is called God, the the
unimaginable thing that created us in
the universe, to use your term,
must send that um
those prescriptions through means which
we can access.
You see? So, our narrative, Logan,
as Muslims, is that we're born believing
in God, just like you do. This is called
the fitra. The fitra is an innate
predisposition to believing one God,
the creator God, the powerful God, the
one that's all powerful, but the one
that's not a man, is not a woman, is not
Jesus, is not God doesn't die on a
cross, he doesn't rest on the seventh
day.
God is not all of those things. For the
Muslim, God is the unimaginable creator
that created us and the universe.
The unimaginable thing that created us
and the universe. Your definition of God
is the Muslim definition of God. The
Christian definition of God is that God
is the the the the the father, the son,
and the Holy Spirit. And all three are
God.
This is not the Muslim definition.
That's how you demarcate between
religions here.
So,
God, who is this all powerful agency,
yeah, has endowed us with
an ability to know what's right and
wrong, yes, but also the guidance.
Yeah, which is
uh in the case of the old prophets,
Abraham, Moses, Jesus, was their books
to that they were sent to their people.
And we believe that Prophet Muhammad was
the final messenger, which was sent to
all human human beings. Okay, so bear in
mind, that's the narrative of Islam. I
This is where I get confused. Like, like
who's right and who's wrong? Are Are Are
Muslims wrong because they're Muslim?
Are Christians wrong because they're
Christian? At 8:40, you asked a very
good and inquisitive and powerful
question. How do we know what's right
and wrong? My answer to you is this.
Listen, Logan.
Listen to me, Logan, yeah? My answer to
you is this.
You know what's right and wrong by using
all the tools at your disposal. And what
are your tools that you know what's
right and wrong with? Number one,
intuition.
It's a very powerful thing. How do you
know you exist?
I think, therefore I am, yeah?
But you can even go further. You know
you are because you know you are. It's
self-evident, right? So, the same
intuition that you used to gauge that
there was a higher authority, yeah? Is
the same intuition you can use to
determine what the higher authority
isn't. Like imaginable. It's not a man.
You know it already, okay? So, intuition
is one of those tools. Another tool is
logic or rationality.
So, God can can God be if God is all
powerful and is the the all creator
being,
can God be
uh
in time? In in the sense that he he was
created?
No, God cannot be created because that
would make mean that he has a
You see? Can God
uh die? As the Christians say that God
died on the cross, we would say that
goes against rationality and logic. Can
God have a mom?
How could God have a mom, you see? When
God is meant to be the the the
unimaginable creator of all things, me
and you, right? According to your
definition. So, we know we can use
intuition, we can use rationality and
logic to demonstrate what God is and
what God is not, yeah? So, that's that's
to answer your second question.
And what I'm going to do is I'm going to
attach something on the comment section
and description box of this video,
which will give you a secondary
question, which is how do we know that
the Prophet Muhammad, who we say as
Muslims, is in fact a true prophet? So,
we will say use the same tools. Use your
logic and rationality. I've written a
very small piece, maybe it will take you
10 minutes to read, maybe even less.
Yeah? On
the evidences that Prophet Muhammad, who
is the final prophet we believe is for
all human beings, has come with. So,
please read that in your spare time. It
will increase your cultural capital,
yeah? It will increase your
intelligence, and it will make you a
more cultured person that can discern
between different theologies and
religions.
So, if you have time, please take your
time to read that. And then after that,
obviously you can read the Quran as
well, which is the holy book of the
Muslims.
You see, at 9 minutes and 5 seconds, you
say something really powerful. You're
saying you're talking to the you talk to
the universe.
But, I would say to you, look, you're
talking to the universe, what you're
really saying and because you said in
another place that you wish certain
things to the universe, which basically
what you're describing is something
called supplication, which is really a
kind of prayer, right? When you're
praying to the universe, and you think
that the universe is going to give you
something. But, the problem is that the
universe doesn't have any agency. Okay?
The universe does not have agency. It's
an inanimate thing.
So, you have to think about and this is
what the Quran says.
You know, Abraham, who we believe is a
prophet who came to his people,
he he said to he said to his people, he
said,
um
that they were worshipping certain, you
know, idols and stuff stuff. He said,
"Hal yasma'unakum
yeah? Idh tad'un? Can they hear you if
you are calling to them?"
Listen to the question of Abraham in the
Quran.
"Can they hear you if you call to them?
Aw yanfa'unakum Aw yanfa'unakum Aw
yadurrun? Or or can they benefit you or
harm you?"
Right? So, can the universe benefit you
or can it harm you? Has Have you got
experience of that? Have you got
evidence of that?
Has Can the universe hear you?
Right? And what's the evidence of that?
It's an inanimate object or or inanimate
entity. So, in that case, the universe
itself
is not the thing or the the the agency
which you should direct your
supplication. We would say it makes more
sense, wouldn't it? You would probably
agree with me, hopefully, that you
should be
directing your veneration and your
supplication to the creator of the
universe. Yeah?
That's what we should That's the the
prophetic way of Abraham, Moses, Jesus,
and all of the prophets that came,
including the final prophet, Prophet
Muhammad. And with that, Logan Paul, I
invite you to Islam. Yeah? You seem like
a very sincere person. You know, I
invite you to Islam. I invite you to the
religion of Islam. Read the Quran. Read
my my my little clip that is my little
um
PDF that I've got for you there. You
could you take 10 minutes of your time,
and then you can go back to KSI as a
Muslim, and then when you fight him for
this Is it the third time now? I don't
know what it will be. Then you can
have some success in that, hopefully.
Uh and assalamualaikum warahmatullah
wabarakatuh.